Appreciate you my brother
+971585702067
ok let me send you mine
Whats your number on whatsapp brother?
You can ask them here for sure and Cam can go over any further questions you have as well
I can see it on the calendar. Cam will take good care of you. Were you interested in working alongside me within BMB?
Lmk how it goes!
Perfect
Can you see it?
Just sent a new invitation to you
let me re-add the appointment
Brother just confirming I can see your appt still booked on my end, you have the confirmation email?
What was your biggest take away from the masterclass?
Hey brother, no worries about the whatsapp we can chat here. I think should go ahead with the call you schedule with my COO, he's my right hand in the business and should make sure you're on the right path
Hey brother, I did try shoot you a message on whatsapp but says your number doesn't exist on there. Saw you came to the masterclass though, how'd you find it? also saw you booked an appt and then declined the invitation?
Okay got you, i'll add you in to it. What's your best Whatsapp number? my DM's are flooded at the moment, so should be able to help you better on there and send over some resources prior to the masterclass on Sunday also
wow okay that's solid, were you able to reduce any of your positions?
Just send me a screenshot once registered to confirm
https://us06web.zoom.us/meeting/register/uFolT-UzQP6aceCjAF2qnA#/registration
Just to double check before registering your spot, are you investing with 30k or more?
Just confirming you have at least 30k invested brother?
You will not regret it sir
Search: social scale
Check your email
Did you jump into the new social scale community we setup yet?
Ah dam bro it missed it
A bunch of bs lol
Let's gioooo
Awesome
Np
Whenever ur done let's hop on
There's an onboarding questionnaire waiting for you in there
Hey brother did you accept the slack invite
Excited to get to work
Sorry for delay on it
Great 👍🏻 it will be the same meeting link
Does 10am EST work?
One sec
Are you flexible on our onboarding meet today. I'm with a client here in Greece and the days don't always go to plan in terms of timing
Pumped to hear from Antony that have joined us in BMB
Hey brother good morning
nah what we've got is all we need bro, Antony will go through everything with you on the call
got you
I'll flick you over a link to his calendar, go ahead and book a time in for yourself that suits brother
Easy brother, what I'll do is set you up for a call with Antony, he's my onboarding manager for BMB. He can go more in depth on what we do and see if it's a potential fit for us to be able to help
So just to make sure we're on the same page, you're not currently holding any crypto?
That's good to see, you're diversified and have a consistent cashflow which is important. I'm always telling people crypto is a tool to multiply cashflow profits, not make money from scratch
Give me a rough outline of your portfolio, how big/what are you holding etc
Nice man, I might have some other resources you could get some use out of but it would be good to get a bit more of understanding of where you're at so I know what right
Before I send it over bro, where's your portfolio at now?
Let's go!
Do you want me to send some zoom availability your way?
When's a good time for you to meet?
Nice spot brother
whats your #
Gonna ping you on whatsapp
Yolked!
https://bmbresources.notion.site/BMB-Members-Self-Custody-Wallet-1eb795004370809fb0f7d01631103067?pvs=4
You sent a private reply to a comment on your Instagram post.
No not at all brother, jump in. There's much more value within BMB obviously but feel free
Overlooked the name my bad brother dms are flooded
Ignore that
Just to double check before registering your spot, are you investing with than 30k or more?
Depends on trip, bedroom size etc
10-25k
They figure out everything and split it up
Yes
@beyondmembers.club
Trip over now
This was 16 people I think
Ahaha, any win is a good win brother
You are a good son
Homeland
Nice brother
Where'd u fly to today
Gotta keep doing it
Early riser always
But that's info space
Totally
Just want money
For money bro
Don't be naive
Fake bro
I like it
Yeaaa thanks bro
Happy that we are connected
Let's go brother 🙏🏻🙏🏻 thank you for the message
Wow Canada eh
Happy new years
Thank you my brother
Many blessings to you
Thank you for the message
Merry Christmas my brother
Enjoy
Nice bro
Where now brother
Considering something like this
No sir
Maybe like 6 months
Inflooooncers bro
Probably not real
Yeah what about it?
Where you going g
It's gonna be a crazy event
Damn bro
Crypto presentation on Friday 6th, personal brand presentation on Monday 9th
VIP check in 5th of December and check out 10th
yes sir
Shit that's crazy
What happened?
But ya I wish!
Luckily we can still do it this year
Good lad
whats break even?
Yes it's coming
Yes just stay in touch
Now you know speed is important with this
All good
Haha yea
Would've been best
First time we called
June brother
🙃
I've been buying for a long time 🤣
You have more that you want to buy
Because your not as allocated as I am
No
It's cool name bro
Haha
Apologies if I messed up your name bro 😂
use AI
For that
Unfortunately no
Most followers in North America
From this morning
What's your timeline look like?
Sent you a few WhatsApps
Hey brother
Nice bro whats your email ill send you an invite
Can jump on a call with you in an hour, does that work?
For sure brother. Today?
will get you added brother, how's your portfolio coming along?
that's not really a strategy, how much have you invested that you plan to hold?
interested to hear your thoughts
also were you able to watch the call recording?
sorry to hear that brother, whats the strategy you're planning to use to exit?
https://bmbresources.notion.site/Our-Exit-to-Cash-Full-Call-Recording-1aa79500437080149151ffb984fc1d2b
ok look out for it, should be sent to you today. But I'll pop the link below as well in case that's easier. Did you make it out of the market before things crashed?
hey what's your email so I can send it over?
Want me to send over the BMB application form?
yo Jose
Just created the  WA group. Did you get an invite?
There are. Might surprise you actually, but they have the largest portfolios. Not sure what's the correlation, maybe you can tell me
Yes, 11am Dubai time. I'll lock it in with Cam. Let me introduce you guys on WA.
No obligations, just pure value. Let me know if you can't find the convenient time.
Here it is: https://calendar.bullmarketblueprint.com/widget/bookings/bmb-discovery-consult
Do you want me to send you the booking link?
Yes, he will go over your current portfolio and strategy. If you find the info helpful and it's a good fit for the community, you will have an option to join the team and use our proven strategies and game plan to dominate the bull run.
My main strategist  Cam has some available slots open for tomorrow. He can take you through the details about the private program and cover key points about the current portfolio. Are you open for that conversation?
There's definitely lots of potential here.
Totally makes sense. It's a common place to be, and usually just comes down to having a clear framework to follow.
Thanks for sharing that. Sounds like you've been in accumulation mode but haven't had a clear system for taking profits or filtering quality. To get a better sense of where you're at, what's your current portfolio size? And are you looking to take a more active approach now, or refine a long-term strategy?
Crypto shouldn't feel like  a catch up game if you know how to play. Could you wrong me through  your current holdings and how it's performance over the last 12 months?
Extensive experience. How is your crypto portfolio coming along?
Yes, it's Luke
This is on point. There are a lot of gurus out there preaching nonsense. We sort of pride ourselves on our proprietary Alpha AI and truly ours member's success.
Might organize a live meet up here for the BMB members
It's on the table. More focused on the game plan for the summer bull run.
Got you. What got you interested in the program?
South of France is a go to for summer
What do you do here?
Beautiful place
Great to connect
Hey Sasha
https://link.bullmarketblueprint.com/summer-strategy
Also circling back to the above. Yes the detach from money is crucial, not just in life but especially so in markets. If money is attached to self worth it's going to impact every decision, exemplified in crypto etc  Timezones are no problem generally, but if you're in Dubai they certainly wont be haha. I've just met up with a couple clients who have passed by Dubai and that's always a pleasure as well
Going to introduce you and Cam on WhatsApp now!
I considered moving it over to whatsapp but the system was working so I didnt fix what wasnt broken lol  Its interesting to observe that that detachment from money, and the abundance mindset inherently bring more of it toward you. Hard concept to grasp but extremely powerful.  I saw you booked in with Cam, i'll introduce you guys on whatsapp !
I feel you completely haha.  Crypto has exploded for people already but even in this bullmarket there's more opportunity ahead than there is behind, so great time to take things seriously. As long as you have the data, analysis and tools behind you otherwise the market can be unforgiving as you know.  After that its really simple to implement, just need to remain emotionless and trust the strategy and data that is tried and proven.  and to be honest I do the same, most of my time is taken up with research and analysis and serving my clients so i've invested in countless trading and business mentors. They help me skip the learning curve and make the journey a whole lot less painful lol
Also thankyou for that screenshot, ill have it fixed
Yes, originally from Canada. From what Cameron has told me about Australia, seems they are both on the same slippery slope.  You'll love it! Business, freedom, networking, wealth.   My particular philosophy differs from most I would say, i'm not going after memecoins and gambling but accumulation without unnecessary risk. 2024 was a perfect example of this.  Makes sense, I tend to do about 30-50 hours a week of analysis myself depending on the news of the week. Most people I serve have their businesses and cashflow which needs their attention and I oversea and give them the information they need two-fold - 1, for their actual positions (which generally replicate mine) and 2, to speed-track their knowledge so they are across where there money is and they're not just blindly following me.  Ill send you a message now!
GM Rebekah!  Yikes 250k, I can see why you had a break, good to hear it lead to further success and now crypto can be a proper vehicle for wealth compounding.  Buying is good as long as you're not just about to fall off a cliff. Data driven exits and entries are what saved my members from 10's millions in loss and the accumulating effect of that is substantial, especially over the next 12 months.  I am in Dubai. Funnily enough my right hand Cameron is in Sydney, Aus and is also moving to Dubai in the second half of the year.  The replays will be early for you, but you have 24/7 access to myself regardless if you don't want the call live.   Can you screenshot what button won't work for you for me?  Also whats your whatsapp? Will be easier to help you there my DMs get flooded lol
Good potential both ways! What strategies are you currently using? Did your other crypto memberships not suggest selling Q1 2025?  It's my proprietary software I use in conjunction with my analysis in my Mastermind. https://www.bullmarketblueprint.com/  Check this out, goes into a fair bit of detail
I appreciate the kind words Rebekah. There's definitely lots of potential here. Couple issues I see with the structure of your portfolio at this point in the market and also if you are looking to hold long term.  Have you managed to have a look at my website and come across Alpha AI?
Its a pleasure.   Your current portfolio holdings and your performance over time helps give me an idea of where to point you
Could you wrong me through your current portfplio and its performance?
Hey Rebekah good to connect
Perfection bro
So clean
Bro this haircut 🥵
Hey brother, just received your application, looks solid. What's your best whatsapp number? My DMs are flooded so should be easier for us to communicate on there
Here you go brother
https://lzulhi54wul.typeform.com/to/rq5wfF4T
Hey Pablo, will shoot you over the application form now to apply for the discounted offer on BMB
I lost your number. Can you message me again if you have it 🤣
Ok going to message you on WhatsApp
where would you be putting it instead to achieve the same level of returns that is possible with crypto?
If you were to cash out a portion of your portfolio
okay got it
give me the rundown on where you feel you're at with everything
of course brother
Hey brother send me a WhatsApp so we can try and arrange a meet while your here
Let's go brother
Hey brother you here in Dubai yet?
Whatsapp
971581094110
If you need anything Dubai related just message me
Happy new year!
How's it going with all of this ^
Hey brother saw your story looks awesome
sounds good brother best of luck
EU citizen is easier than US
All of these guys have YouTube channels you should watch ^
https://www.instagram.com/offshore_citizen?igsh=MWNxb2x1Y3F1NXhxNw==
You sent an attachment.
https://www.instagram.com/jamesbakercpa?igsh=OW5lZ201cGx4MHBx
https://www.instagram.com/wealthyexpat?igsh=bTA5N3ljMDlnYTZ2
https://www.instagram.com/miquel_girones?igsh=cW9naDg1ZHd3eWN2
Have you been to Dubai brother?
Ahh ok I see yes you left
are you in spain and trying to move elsewhere?
overpriced based on having such a big brand
Hey what's going on Pablo?
10k week!
Thank you Carrie!
Exactly
🤣🤣
Onboarding package coming now
The invite has been sent to your email
My pleasure 🙏🏻
Full of entrepreneurs 👍🏻
It means that you will have full access to the platform and the ability to participate in the mastermind calls and discussions we have
Decided to upgrade you to our full mastermind group. I think you'll be a great addition as a member
Adding you now (edited)
Adding now now
You too!
On my way home from a dinner
Ok as soon as I'm back at my desk in about an hour I'll get you setup
What's your preferred email to join the platform?
Ok confirmed 👍🏻
Just send me back a screenshot once confirmed and I'll get your onboarding started with the team
https://buy.stripe.com/bIY6so6fF1So1z28yf
Amex accepted yes
Did you want to join with crypto, bank transfer, or card?
Antony is traveling right now, so I'll get you the link and get you setup for onboarding
Sounds good
You planning to join us this week Carrie?
Appreciate the update on how the call went for you, pleased to hear that you got value from it and of course take the time you need
Yes I will get that updated
Let me know how it goes
Great to hear Carrie!
Availability was updated by him
You can book in now 👍🏻
Just touched base with Antony and he's available to do 12pm Dubai time today (8th), if that works for you? (edited)
Just touched base with Antony and he's available to do 12pm Dubai time tomorrow (8th), if that works for you?
You might enjoy starting your day with this, a recent call from my group about goal setting
https://bmbresources.notion.site/Goal-Setting-for-2025-Ultimate-Guide-17279500437080249710c6ca578942ea
Working on it 👍🏻
No worries, I'll have a chat with Antony and see if we can open up his availability to something that's more accommodating for you. Could you let me know what time zone you're on and what time of day would usually work best for you
find a time that suits you best and let me know when you've managed to get set up with him
this link should connect you to my C.O.O Antony's calendar, he's my right hand in the business and should be able to help you
https://calendly.com/antony-bullmarketblueprint/bmb-discovery?utm_source=instagram&utm_medium=archie&utm_campaign=antony
okay, thanks for clearing that up
Completely agree, always best to double check with these kind of things as unfortunately there is a lot of trash and scams out there
if you're interested I'd love to invite you to have an introductory meeting with my team to see if we would be a good fit to help you build a structured plan for the rest of this cycle and see where else we would be able to support, but I do need to quickly confirm that you have $25k or more already invested?
I can absolutely advise you on our high conviction alt coin picks, although I do tend to steer away from memes
okay i'm with you and definitely agree on the point of seeing btc as an asset to hold, however I do think it would be a good idea for you to have a clear plan for your long-term aims in crypto and have a way to ensure you are securing profits before the bear market begins if you're looking for an exit plan. Where would you say you need the most support at the moment?
also could you give me a quick rundown on your current portfolio and exit strategy if you have one
https://www.bullmarketblueprint.com/
Hey Carrie, I'll send you the link to the BMB website here
great, what was your biggest take away from it?
did you manage to join up in the end?
here you go ^
https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/component-page?accessLevel=meeting&hasValidToken=false&clusterId=us06&action=play&filePlayId=&componentName=recording-register&meetingId=LaV0ZenN2VUeHrcp_0VhvH6jX71kOsPahgQwGi45RvUFaqQdjQDLUbsrdR3j3cmy.3rT-ckP5kaD39gRD&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fus06web.zoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FUVT7OkXIp0TNn7XKhHFk_mi2Ps9USqyAty7KxgWbAFR-J_OMC2d0k3XoWMO1QqUQ.UKg0IHZq0ojGDSi_  Passcode: Tzu=U5DG
Hey, just confirming you're still planning to join us for the masterclass?
awesome, gonna be a lot of value dropped. Looking forward to seeing you on there later!
Once you've confirmed
Of the registration screen
Just send me a screenshot so I can confirm on my end
lets see if I can help
Text me on whatsapp
7 figures or dollars?
how bad are we talking?
will get you added! How's your portfolio coming along?
I just don't feel comfortable sharing that kind of information over instagram which isn't private
Yes happy to discuss with you guys on a call
As long as we can work as a team instead of you and him separately working with me
Hey brother I'm cool with that
theres a few different ticket options but the VIP all inclusive is 10k
https://www.ultimatedubaimastermind.com/
Connected you 👍🏻
I'm just about to head to bed in Dubai but he's awake and online for the rest of the day
What's your number on WhatsApp? I'll connect you with my COO quickly if you want to have a call and go over everything in detail
Absolutely, when I sell I will let you know at the exact same time
It can be yes but I adapt it to your risk tolerance and goals
So you don't miss anything
Exactly yes
https://Bullmarketblueprint.com
And I'll notify you of exit / entry signals as they happen and how it relates to your strategy
$36k 1-1 $12.5k group    1-1 includes everything in the mastermind group but I'll work with you on the strategy privately via zooms. You'll have my phone number to text or call.
Did you wanna work with me 1 on 1 or just join the mastermind group?
Are you all BTC rn?
Most likely
Not a bad strategy but won't do 3x
And coins
With right portfolio split
I think we can 3x yes
Let's do it!
Lol*
Welcome back profit margins lik
Nice!
What have you been up to brother
crush the day
lets go!
Let me know once you've booked something in
You'll receive an official email but just to make things a bit easier I'll also drop a link to his calendar here
I just reviewed your application with the team and we're going to push you through to the next stage of the process which is an introductory call with my C.O.O Antony
If you get it in soon I'll be able to review it before the doors shut to BMB tomorrow
Awesome bro
want me to shoot you over the application link?
yo bro
dropped you a message on whatsapp
haha yeah, been a little busy in here
Okay got you. What's your best Whatsapp number? my DM's are flooded at the moment, so should be able to help you better on there and send over some resources prior to the masterclass on Sunday also
awesome, gonna be a lot of value dropped. How have you been getting along with your portfolio?
what makes you feel that?
could you give me a quick rundown of where you feel you're at with your portfolio
hey Konnor
Then Ill chuck us all in a whatsapp group together to introduce him
All good to go brother ill put you in
lll shoot him a message one sec
Cams actually in Sydney Aus right now so timing works out really well haha. 7pm your time which would be 9am his, work for you?
Whats your next 24 hours look like and what timezone are you in?
Lets go ahead and book you in with my COO Cameron and he can look at your situation and go through the A-Z of BMB
All good brother received on my end, great alignment actually
https://bmbresources.notion.site/Bull-Market-Blueprint-Q2-Masterclass-1d0795004370800f9838cd1344efc0bf
Hey Brandon, will shoot you over the application form now to apply for the discounted offer on BMB. Also gonna send you over the masterclass from last Sunday as just seen you were after the recording also
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNafgtOY-AY
were you able to watch the call recording?
well played brother, that was a good entry for btc
What're you waiting for bro? Now's the time to get in if you're still planning on it
Have you bought any bitcoin yet?
https://www.loom.com/share/2b8a1ad349934a4089000dd2b0d8cd90?sid=eb07bbf3-66e6-4391-bbbd-556927683663  Send me back your notes after bro. Curious to know what you learn from it
What coins are you looking to pick up first?
haha perfect
Nice man, have you already started to build your portfolio up?
How long have u been investing in crypto for?
Got u Brandon
https://bmbresources.notion.site/BMB-Free-Resources-Guide-8141f370acd24164b440ef1a6552bd38
